## Part 4: Quiz time!

- When you run a command in the terminal, where does BASH look for that command?
    I cannot find an explanation that makes sense to me... Im trying.
- On a UNIX computer, how do you stop a running process?
    Ctrl-C if this doesn't work you need to open another terminal and get the PID number and do some stuff (run the kill command)
- What packages do you have installed via homebrew?
    tap 'caskroom/cask'
    tap 'homebrew/bundle'
    tap 'homebrew/core'
    tap 'homebrew/services'
    tap 'telemachus/brew', 'https://telemachus@bitbucket.org/telemachus/brew.git'
    tap 'thoughtbot/formulae'
    brew 'a2ps'
    brew 'libogg'
    brew 'libvorbis'
    brew 'sdl'
    brew 'sdl_mixer'
    brew 'abuse'
    brew 'readline'
    brew 'bash'
    brew 'brew-cask-completion'
    brew 'emacs', args: ['with-cocoa', 'with-gnutls']
    brew 'libpng'
    brew 'freetype'
    brew 'gdbm'
    brew 'gmp'
    brew 'libtasn1'
    brew 'libunistring'
    brew 'nettle'
    brew 'libffi'
    brew 'p11-kit'
    brew 'gnutls'
    brew 'jpeg'
    brew 'libtiff'
    brew 'libtool'
    brew 'xz'
    brew 'imagemagick'
    brew 'mas'
    brew 'openssl'
    brew 'mongodb'
    brew 'mysql'
    brew 'pcre'
    brew 'pkg-config'
    brew 'postgresql', restart_service: true
    brew 'wget'
    brew 'zsh'
    brew 'zsh-completions'
    brew 'thoughtbot/formulae/rcm'
    cask 'firefox'
    cask 'java'
    mas 'BitdefenderVirusScanner', id: 500154009
    mas 'CollageIt 3 Free', id: 675540049
    mas 'GarageBand', id: 408980954
    mas 'iMovie', id: 408981434
    mas 'iPhoto', id: 408981381
    mas 'Keynote', id: 409183694
    mas 'Numbers', id: 409203825
    mas 'Pages', id: 409201541
- On a UNIX computer, how do you find the process id of a running process?
    open a new window an enter $ps ax | grep <name of program>
- In a terminal, what does control-c do?
    In most cases, it will get you out of trouble.
- In a terminal, what does control-a do?
    Move to the beginning of a line.
- In a terminal, what does control-e do?
    Move to the end of the line.
- What keyboard shortcut do you use to split the screen in your editor?
    I should be able to use Cmd+k and the arrows but alas that has never worked for me. I just drag and drop the file onto the left lower screen.
- What keyboard shortcut do you use to split the screen in your terminal?
    Cmd+D to split the window vertically, or Cmd+Shift+D to split the window horizontally. Also Cmd+W will close the pane.
- When a terminal command completes, how can you tell if it was successful or not?
    A green arrow before my signiture promt thingy.
- What does your `~/.gitconfig` have in it? (paste the whole file here)
    # This is Git's per-user configuration file.
    [user]
    name = Stephani McGrath
    email = silentsoundz1977@gmail.com
    [alias]
    ap = add (this seems sad to me, should I have more?)
- What is the difference between a relative and absolute path?
    This is a css thing... So basically its all about positioning. The difference between relative and absolute is that relative is "relative" to itself (left:15px will pad it to the left with 15px), but absolute is relative to its parent (first non-static parent that is) and applying the same attribute (left:15px) will result in it being shifted 15px away form the left edge of the parent element.
- Lets say you have the following file structure

~
  ```
  └── Projects
      ├── pinterest-for-dogs
      │   ├── README.md
      │   └── package.json
      └── linkedin-for-dancers
          ├── README.md
          └── package.json
  ```

  And you were in the `linkedin-for-dancers` folder. What command would you use to change folders to the `pinterest-for-dogs` folder?
      Answer: ../

- What keyboard shortcut do you use, in your editor, when you want to open a specific file?
- What files or folders do you want all git repositories to ignore?
      Which file to place a pattern in depends on how the pattern is meant to be used.
      Patterns which should be version-controlled and distributed to other repositories via clone (i.e., files that all developers will want to ignore) should go into a .gitignore file.
      Patterns which are specific to a particular repository but which do not need to be shared with other related repositories (e.g., auxiliary files that live inside the repository but are specific to one user's workflow) should go into the $GIT_DIR/info/exclude file.
      Patterns which a user wants Git to ignore in all situations (e.g., backup or temporary files generated by the user's editor of choice) generally go into a file specified by core.excludesFile in the user's ~/.gitconfig. Its default value is $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/git/ignore. If $XDG_CONFIG_HOME is either not set or empty, $HOME/.config/git/ignore is used instead.
      The underlying Git plumbing tools, such as git ls-files and git read-tree, read gitignore patterns specified by command-line options, or from files specified by command-line options. Higher-level Git tools, such as git status and git add, use patterns from the sources specified above.
- What is the main difference between `==` and `===` in JavaScript?
    The == operator will compare for abstract equality after type conversion. The === is strict in its equality and will return false if types are not exactly the same.